## Physical Stuff
I has some brass wire laying around & had seen people making 'circuit sculptures' with brass rods. I thought this might be a fun starting point in the interest of 'un-blackboxing'; instead of boxes that are illegal to open & tamper with, why not make every component visible? You can [straighten the wire into a rod](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CySwNy804cA) using a drill. (I'm using the same simple circuit as before and it's not really all that interesting, but fun to play around with). In thinking about moving past just 'un-blackboxing' I was motivated by this quote from the essay [Unfolding the political capacities of design](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/265467472_Unfolding_the_political_capacities_of_design): "[The project uses] ‘black  box’  in  the  theatrical  sense  of  the  term, which is to say that it aims to be a space in which it is possible to stage problems, to render them evident and public." 

> pic

I'm hoping to pick up the materials for a better-functioning GSR sensor (or just order one?) to move forward, because this simple filter... doesn't work too well.

## Some reading...
In thinking about our research questions, I found some inspiration in the essay I mentioned above: [Unfolding the political capacities of design](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/265467472_Unfolding_the_political_capacities_of_design).  (It references Isabelle Stengers' work too, which Gabrielle also mentioned in this week's log.) In particular, vis-a-vis RQ2 (How can alternative (i.e. non-numerical) representations of biodata foster critical reflection on the body as a site of political contestation?/body as a site of knowledge?):

> In  this  essay,  we  would  like  to  explore  an  alternative  way  of  thinking  about  how  design can  matter  politically.  To  do  so,  we  will  focus  on  a  different,  and  largely  ignored,  set  of capacities,  what  we  would  like  to  call  the  ‘unfolding  capacities’  of  design.  By  unfolding, we  will  refer  here  to  the  capacity  of  design  to  propose  and  generate  new  entities  and relations. By shifting our attention to unfolding, we aim to open a new way of exploring the political valence of design, one that is not centered around its ability to prescribe and hardwire  politics  into  bodies,  spaces  or  materials,  but  on  its  capacity  to  enlarge  the number  of  bodies,  spaces,  and  materials  that  constitute  the  cosmos  of  the  political. This displacement, we argue, not only opens a new way of thinking about design, but also, and much more importantly, a different way of practicingdesign as a form of cosmopolitics

and later...

> Thus,  one  way  of  establishing  the difference between enfolding and unfolding would be to say that while the former refers to the capacity of design to ‘inscribe’ specific versions of the political into different bodies, entities  and  sites,  unfolding  refers  to  the  capacity  of  design  to  ‘propose’  new  kinds  of bodies,  entities  and  sites as  political.  It  is  in  this  sense,  we  argue,  that  unfolding  can  be defined  as  a  ‘cosmopolitical’  activity  in  Isabelle  Stengers’  sense  of  the  term (2005).  In Stenger’s  use,  cosmopolitics  does  not  refer  to  that  Kantian-Habermasian  project of achieving a  single and  unified  common  world.  Instead,  Stengers  argues,  cosmopolitics refers  to  the ongoing project  ofexploring  and  expanding  the  repertoire  of  possible common worlds. In other words, cosmopolitics is not about unifying the world, but about multiplying. Design, we  argue,  can  play a critical  role in  this  processby  unfolding  and exploring  hitherto unrealized  possibilities to  build  the  cosmos  of  the  political.

There is a relevant example on smart energy meters which make 'energy' visible. The authors argue that such devices can blur the line between political action & everyday practice; while they don't necessarily transform domestic actions into political sites, "they do unfold the possibility of turning the home  into  a  genuine  site  for  the  articulation  of different forms of  political action  and  participation." None of this is perhaps too different from our thinking up till now, but it did provide a rearticulation RQ2 for me. Clunkily, that is: How do biosensing technologies _already_ unfold the possibility of turning the body into genuine sites for the articulation of different forms of political action & participation? How can they be used to enlarge the numbner of bodies that constitute the cosmos of the political?

## Another Text-Based Provocation
I was thinking a bit about how to make the smallest possible changes to current biosensing visions might be to speak to our research questions. For a text-based interaction, one thought was to log text instead of numbers. Per Howell's et al.'s Emotional Biosensing: Exploring Critical Alternatives, this might circumvent self-improvement narratives & provide alternative material representations of biodata. As an interaction flow, I'm imagining that a user can upload any text to use (or be provided with some set of texts to choose from). We can sort these by sentiment (as determined by an NLP sentiment analyzer). Throughout the day, biodata measurements are taken and matched with a sentence from the text (via a mapping we come up with). At the end of the day, there is a story told (literally, if the text is a novel) via their data log. This log might be more easily shared with others than text, & since the text might be something the user resonates with, it can help shed light on what they were feeling in that moment; in the words of Howell, it positions biodata as "continually transforming materials and meaning". Such a log also re-focuses the "pre-individual" by illustrating the region of time around an event rather than focusing on one moment in particular. In the spirit of granting control over the model, you might be able to swap out the text - for example a sadder text can by used to systematically offset the collected data. 
  
  
